#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   peft
    #   trl
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
albumentations==1.3.1
    # via autotrain-advanced
alembic==1.12.0
    # via optuna
altair==5.1.1
    # via gradio
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpcore
    #   langchain
    #   starlette
arrow==1.2.3
    # via codecarbon
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autotrain-advanced==0.6.32
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bitsandbytes==0.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autotrain-advanced
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   codecarbon
    #   jiwer
    #   sacremoses
    #   uvicorn
cmaes==0.10.0
    # via optuna
cmake==3.27.5
    # via triton
codecarbon==2.2.3
    # via autotrain-advanced
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.0
    # via langchain
datasets[vision]==2.14.5
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   evaluate
    #   trl
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
diffusers==0.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autotrain-advanced
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
einops==0.6.1
    # via autotrain-advanced
evaluate==0.3.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.103.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via codecarbon
google-auth==2.23.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
gradio==3.41.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
gradio-client==0.5.0
    # via gradio
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.58.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.17.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.31.3
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via diffusers
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via gradio
invisible-watermark==0.2.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
ipadic==1.0.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.15.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jiwer==3.0.2
    # via autotrain-advanced
joblib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.0.299
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.0.40
    # via langchain
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
lit==16.0.6
    # via triton
loguru==0.7.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numexpr==2.8.6
    # via langchain
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   altair
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tifffile
    #   transformers
    #   trl
    #   xgboost
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.8.0.76
    # via invisible-watermark
opencv-python-headless==4.8.0.76
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   qudida
optuna==3.3.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
orjson==3.9.7
    # via gradio
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   codecarbon
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
peft==0.5.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   tensorboard
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   codecarbon
    #   ipykernel
    #   peft
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via codecarbon
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.10.11
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.16.1
    # via ipython
pynvml==11.5.0
    # via codecarbon
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pypdf==3.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via gradio
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
rapidfuzz==2.13.7
    # via jiwer
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   sacremoses
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   codecarbon
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   fsspec
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   tensorboard
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
responses==0.18.0
    # via evaluate
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via autotrain-advanced
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via albumentations
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   qudida
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   xgboost
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via autotrain-advanced
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via langchain
tensorboard==2.14.0
    # via autotrain-advanced
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.9.18
    # via scikit-image
tiktoken==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autotrain-advanced
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   peft
    #   triton
    #   trl
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   peft
    #   trl
triton==2.0.0
    # via torch
trl==0.7.1
    # via autotrain-advanced
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   qudida
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
    #   responses
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via gradio
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via
    #   autotrain-advanced
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
    #   tensorboard
xgboost==1.7.6
    # via autotrain-advanced
xxhash==3.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
